= Design Description =

= Nomenclature =

== Target ==
The computer to be controlled via the Arduino USB HID.

== Host ==
The computer presenting an interface to control the Target.

== Server ==
The software running on the Arduino.
 * DHCP is used to grab an IP address. The hostname will be "wiznetccde02".
 * If DHCP fails, it defaults to:
  * IP: 192.168.0.69
  * Gateway: 192.168.0.1
  * Subnet mask: 255.255.255.0

== Client ==
The software running on the Host. (Telnet client on port 23 works fine)

= Details =
== Protocol ==
 * TCP packets up to 1024 bytes long line terminated 
 * Client to Server 
  * ASCII characters are interpreted verbatim with the exception of A-Z 
  * 3-tuples of A-Z are interpreted as special characters.
   * The following special keys are available:
    * CTL - Left control key
    * ALT - Left control key
    * SHT - Left shift key
    * WIN - Left windows/command key
    * UPP - Up arrow
    * DWN - Down arrow
    * LFT - Left arrow
    * RIT - Right arrow
    * BAS - Backspace
    * DEL - Delete key
    * ESC - Escape key
    * RTN - Enter key
    * TAB - Tab key
   * The following commands are available:
    * ONE - Hold down the following character
    * TWO - Hold down the following two characters
    * RLS - Release all keys
    * SLP - Sleep for 3 seconds before sending subsequent key strokes
 
== Protocol Example ==
 * Quick example:
  * `abcTWOazwwRLS`: press and release abc; hold a and z; press and release w twice; release a and z.

 * Send CTL+ALT+Delete:
  * `TWOCTLALTDELRLS`: Hold down Ctrl and Alt, press delete, then let go of all keys.

 * Paste (via CTRL+v):
  * `ONECTLvRLS`: Hold down CTL, press v, then let go of all keys.

 * Alt-tab through windows
  * `ONEALTTAB`: Hold down alt key and tap TAB once
  * `TAB`: Press tab to go to the next window (repeat as needed)
  * `RTNRLS`: Press enter and release the Alt key.

 * Run notepad.exe
  * `ONEWINrRLSSLPnotepad.exeRTN`: Hold down the windows key, press r, let go of the windows key, sleep for 3 seconds, type "notepad.exe", press enter.